   

ah
Lim
=,

\” PATHLABS

PATHLABS

—
i

 

” ISO 9001 Certified Company

 
  

   
 

ABOUT US

When you choose CRK PathLabs as your expert in
diagnostic services, you can expect cutting-edge
state-of-the-art lab facilities, at home sample
collection facilities as well as digital reports at your
disposal. CRK PathLabs offers a comprehensive menu
of pathology, radiology and cardiology tests along
with value-added services such as Drive Through
Covid testing, Full body check-ups and other
specialised healthcare packages.

 

Our sprawling 3200 sqft diagnostic centre at a
convenient location in Hajipur is easily accessible with
ample parking facilities. Moreover, our centre has a
well-trained team of experienced specialists which
allows us to deliver world-class diagnostic and
pathology services at the earliest.

ACCREDITATION

We are in the process of becoming one of the few
diagnostic service providers in the state of Bihar to be
accredited by NABL. National Accreditation Board for
Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL)
accreditation ensure that labs follow the stringent
quality protocols set up by this body. This, in turn,
ensures control over man, machine, environment and
processes.

  
   

 

 
SERVICES TO Rel VALUES

Ee E PROVI D cm D>) Genuine care, empathy, enthusiasm and great

 ‘tntenalatlonstivs

 

MH Full Covid diagnostic solutions and Molecular ™ Don't settle and lead by example- innovate and
diagnostics evolve

m™ Comprehensive and multidisciplinary pathology ™ Diligence, Attention to detail, and minimal error
services

@ Transparency and cost-effective prices

H Immunology, Radiology, Biochemistry,
Haematology, etc.

Health check-up packages O @, Fe Yd OTTO
BH Corporate healthcare services A iN D i A ete"

"We Care for Your Health"

OUR VISION _ es
As an organisation, our main objective is to encourage

 

H Toinspire people to "Live Healthy” regular proactive healthcare check-ups for every
™ To provide “superior quality” diagnostic servicesat individual and promote preventive healthcare in order
cost effective prices to reduce the burden that disease puts on your health.
m To imbibe precision, constant improvement and Don't do a test after you fall ill, do a test not to fall ill.
better practices with compassion and sensitivity That's our Mantra.

 

HM To be one of the most admired diagnostic
companies inthe state of Bihar

BH To build confidence in the medical community and
the public

M To deliver a great patient experience by ensuring
convenience, care and fast turnaround time

 
POPULAR

DIAGNOSTIC TESTS

PATHOLOGY

|

a

a

Glucose Fasting (FBS),Sodium Fluoride Plasma
Complete Blood Picture (CBP), EDTA Whole Blood
Lipid Profile, Serum

Creatinine, Serum

Thyroid Profile (T3,T4,TSH), Serum

Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbAIC), EDTA Whole Blood
Vitamin B12 (Cyanocobalamin), Serum

25 - Hydroxy Vitamin D, Serum

Culture And Sensitivity, Urine (4 parameters)

Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) Ultrasensitive, Serum
Complete Urine Examination (CUE), Urine

Liver Function Test (LFT),Serum

Blood Grouping ABO & Rh Typing, EDTA Whole Blood
Dengue (IgG & IgM), Serum

Dengue Antigen (Ns1) Rapid, Serum

C-Reactive Protein (CRP), Serum

Widal (Slide Method), Serum

Total IgE, Serum

1, 25-Dihydroxy Vitamin D, Serum

 

RADIOLOGY

X-Ray Chest PA View

X-Ray PNS

X-Ray Lumbar Spine AP/LAT

X-Ray Both Knee AP/LAT (Standing)
Ultrasound Whole Abdomen
Ultrasound Antenantal

Ultrasound Tiffa

UPCOMING RADIOLOGY TESTS
Doppler Peripheral Bilateral (Venous)
Doppler Peripheral Bilateral (Aterial)
CT Brain Plain

CT Orbit

CT Chest

CT 3D Study

CT Whole Abdomen With Contrast
CT M.R.C.P

MRI Brain Plain

MRI Cervical Spine

MRI Lumbar Spine

MRI Right Knee Joint

MRI Cardiac (with contrast)

 
 

file: (CBC ( lete Blood ),
Ly Seaham e niente
D | S Ay & = S ae | O F | | = & Transferase, SGPT - Alanine Amino Transferase)

= Chikungunya Profile: (CBC (Complete Blood Count),
Chikungunya PCR, SGOT - Aspartate Amino
Transferase, SGPT - Alanine Amino Transferase)

a Tuberculosis Profile: (AFB Culture, AFB Stain, PCR For
Tuberculosis)

 

= COVID Monitoring Profile
- 1(Ferritin, CRP, D-Dimer, Inter Leukin 6 (IL-6)

= Electrolytes, LFT, Creatinine, CBP, LDH)

= COVID Monitoring Profile
-2 (Ferritin, CRP, D-Dimer, Electrolytes, LFT,
Creatinine, CBP, LDH)

COVID Recovery Profile
- Complete Blood Picture (CBP)

- EDTA Whole Blood
- Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH) Serum

= More to come...

- Liver Function Test (LFT) Serum

- Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbAIC)

- EDTA Whole BloodC-Reactive Protein (CRP) Serum
- Ferritin, Serum25 - Hydroxy Vitamin D

- Creatinine Serum

- D Dimer Quantitative Sodium Citrate Plasma

- SARS-CoV-2 S IgG Antibody - Quantitative, Serum)

Antibody Detection Test for COVID-19: A Simple
Blood Test to know if you had a COVID-19 infection in
the recent past.

 
   

COMPONENTS OF
THE PACKAGES

= Healthcare check-up package

= Full body check-up package Male

Full body check-up package Female

= Healthy Heart package

= Senior Citizen Male

Senior Citizen Female

= Full Diabetes package

= Arthritis (Bone & Joint) Minor package
= Arthritis (Bone & Joint) Major package
Basic Fertility check-up for women
Basic Fertility check-up for Men

= Cancer screening male

= Cancer screening female

= As requested by Employers /customers: list
= Annual Check-ups

= Corporate Wellness Programs

= Pre-employment check-ups

= Preoperative Check-ups

 

a

a

VALUE ADDED SERVICES

Home sample collection service: On receiving a request
through our Website, App or call, a trained technician arrives
at the doorstep of the patient to collect samples. Home
collection is completely free of cost on Ist visit.

Simplified registration service- easy online registration and
appointment system

Minimum possible waiting time- Majority of the reports are
available within a few hours. We understand the importance
of fast delivery of health reports and we deliver just that.

New age mobile/online/paperless reporting- reports can be
send to your phone via sms/email/whatsapp or can be
collected at any of our centers.

Ease of payment- we accept all credit/debit card/mobile or
digital like google pay+ payment. There are also provisions
for Third party or insured patients.

Ambiance - Cleanliness and hygiene is maintained at all
times, AC waiting lounge, potable drinking water, washroom
facility, parking facility

Empathy - female attendant to handle female patients,
special provisions and facilities like ramps and lifts for
differently abled patients; prompt customer support

Social Media presence - Fb/ twitter/ Linkedin/ Blogs to
reach out to more and more customers and vice versa

Digital records of all reports upto 12 months.

Smart reporting with graphical comparison with previous
results

Comprehensive family coverage upto 4 members.

 

 
IT AND LOGISTICS

We understand the crucial link between sample
collection and report delivery, and hence, we have built
a strong logistics unit that offers seamless execution.

   
 
 
 
  

m We transport samples under strict temperature control
norms using certified packaging to ensure sample
integrity.

 
   

ADVANCED DATA
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

CRK PathLabs relies on latest technologies and uses
world class products like CRM to help serve its
customers better, which is integrated with our core Lab
Information Management System.

= Our interactive portal, which is a customer log-in
based secured system offers exhaustive features for
accessing their Web Reports online, Centre Locator,
Book an appointment, Video Conferencing with our
Pathologist and online access to their historical
reports.

= Suburban offers SMS & Whatsapp facility to customers
for Lab Test Results and auto-email of reports to their
registered email addresses.

m At CRK PathLabs we believe in innovation and
adoption of latest technology to help serve our
customers better.

 

Pad ee et a

wutstior abveringt |

ahiaeemuititniaiale et

iu we
batesnencall

a

auton She

 
PATHOLOGY

At CRK PathLabs, we pride ourselves on providing quality services for the prevention and accurate
detection of diseases. The latest technology, sophisticated equipment and stringent quality measures let
us do this consistently. Under our roofs, patients will find the full spectrum of services from routine CBP
and Blood Glucose tests to highly specialised investigations for infectious diseases, cancer markers,
hormonal assays and more. Each discipline is headed by reputed and experienced medical professionals
supported by teams of rigorously trained technologists.

  
 
 
 

 

   

LCMS

LCMS is a speciality division of biochemistry
which deals with the quantitative analysis of
proteins in blood and urine samples. This
technique has numerous applications
including newborn screening for various
treatable disorders, quantification of drugs
and vitamins.

IMMUNOLOGY

Immunology tests deal with the detection of
antigen and antibodies present in the blood in
response toa particular pathogen. These tests
are used in infectious diseases, cancers, organ
transplantation, and autoimmune disorders.

CLINICAL BIOCHEMISTRY

Clinical biochemistry deals with the
measurement of analytes, which aims to
diagnose and monitor various diseases. This
_ department includes a large number of
diagnostic tests that help understand
pathogenesis and etiology of different
diseases. It is essential for early diagnosis of a
disease and also assessment of its therapy
_ efficacy.

 

 

HEMATOLOGY

This division of pathology deals with
estimation of cell counts and study of cell
morphology to diagnose various blood
disorders ranging from simple infections
to cancers. Bone marrow studies
bleeding disorder tests and tests related
to blood genetic disorders are also
performed here using some advanced
techniques like flow cytometry and HPLC
etc.

CLINICAL PATHOLOGY
This division of pathology deals with

study of various body fluids like urine,

CSF, ascitic fluid, synovial fluid, pleural

' fluid etc. The quantitative estimation of

cell counts helps in the presumptive
diagnosis of various conditions thus
helping in the differentiation of infectious
from non infectious and malignant
causes.
CYTOGENETICS

This department deals with the tests related
to detect the structural and numerical
abnormalities in the chromosomes
responsible for various disorders. These tests
are used to diagnose a few cancers and
genetic disorders.

CYTOPATHOLOGY

This is a diagnostic division of pathology
that deals with study of cellular elements
obtained by minimal invasive procedures
like fine needle aspiration of palpable
superficial swellings and other studies
include morphological study of cells
collected using a cyto brush. PAP smear
test is the best example. These
procedures are quick, efficient and a non-
traumatic way of detecting cancers and
aid in differentiating from non cancers.

 
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
         
     
     
     
   
   
   
       
     
     
   

 

MICROBIOLOGY

This department deals with tests to detect
microbes like the bacteria, virus and fungi.
Different manual and automated techniques
are used to identify the organisms present in
blood and body fluid. The antibiotic sensitivity
pattern to that particular organism can be
obtained for appropriate treatment.

HISTOPATHOLOGY

This division of pathology deals with
study of surgically excised tissue
involving microscopic examination using
routine and special stains. Ancillary tests
like immunohistochemistry, Frozen
sections, Immunofluorescence are also
used for precise diagnosis. Services of
this division play an essential role in
diagnosis and prognostication of both
cancers and noncancers.

MOLECULAR PATHOLOGY

This department deals with the DNA and RNA
based tests for particular genes present in
blood, body fluid and tissue. These molecular
techniques are used to diagnose and monitor

    
RADIOLOGY

Reliable radiology services play an essential role in your ability to deliver the most accurate diagnosis. With
us, you can be assured of the latest technology such as 3T MRI, ultrasound and MdCt, as well as testing
supervised by a team of highly qualified and experienced Radiologists. this ensures that the results you
see aren't just accurate but clinically relevant. We are committed to being your most reliable and

responsive partner.

ULTRASOUND

We provide Ultrasound techniques to
\e provide accurate pictures of the
et ~body’s internal structures without

DW Using ionizing radiation.

Upcoming Tests

3T MRI

An MRI scanner is a large tube that
contains powerful magnets. You lie
inside the tube during the scan.An MRI
scan can be used to examine almost
any part of the body, including the:

- brain and spinal cord

- bones and joints

- breasts

- heart and blood vessels

We provide X-ray or radiography
to get greater visibility of specific
organs such as blood vessels and
tissues.

| CTSCAN

We provide multiple detectors
computed tomography that helps
pinpoint the location of
abnormalities.

MAMMOGRAPHY

We provide advanced
Mammography procedures to see
the inside tissues of the breasts.

 
TMT/PFT

We provide Treadmill Test (TMT) to
find the stress on the heart. PFT -
Pulmonary function tests (PFTs) to
find out whether the lungs are
_ working well.

2D ECHO

_ We provide Echocardiography, a test
that can produce live images of the
heart with the help of sound waves.

 

 
 
 

BMD/DEXA Sea) OPG

We provide Bone densitometry, or (UP Wy We provide OPG tests that can
dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry or [—eewF portray the teeth both the upper
= DEXA to help diagnose osteoporosis Wi A andlowerjaw onasingle film.

g and evaluates the individual's risk for
developing fractures.

 

 
 

PATHLABS

   
 

{ +9199453 12536
& J sumit.pgp15115@iimkashipur.ac.in

Fun Point Resort Complex,
Hajipur, Vaishali, Bihnar-844101
